it's recording welcome to the ipfs in
web browsers and GUI team weekly sync up
calls we have a special treat from
Quezada this week but first and foremost
led us to you the what I done last week
what I'm gonna do next week Lydell guess
what you top of the list could you give
us five minutes on how about oh no not
much like visually this week but maybe
I'll quickly share my screen just so I
shift I really sulfide prefers companion
with some with new web UI some UX fixes
and let's prototype of a new way of
obtaining in ipfs API instance so the
goal is to the transition from exposing
all commands directly in window ipfs
object instead we want to move this
quarter to a theme like entry point
ipfs enable methods that lets you both
lazy load
let's developer to control when the
permission prompt will be displayed and
also to ask for multiple commands at
once so that's on the beta channel and
also and also some small fixes related
to new API is that landed in Firefox for
copying files copying stuff to clipboard
and things like that there is a known
regression in web UI that we need better
and we I hope to release then like
another avatar this week that will be
addressing doubts and are not sort of
on-the-go ipfs front with the HTTP
gateway I propose to you know start
listening on localhost on IP ipv6 that
gives us a little nicer location bar
just like a cosmetic but there's like a
support for listening on multiple ports
so that's something I will probably APR
next in the next week and that's a
related to buoys there's a glossary for
terms on transifex our translation crowd
sourcing site and I had some like
internal discussions about team growth
but that's probably not a good topic for
this call yeah the plan for the next
week is to unblock companion the release
and move forward with this stuff and I'm
afraid that's all from me so I'll stop
sharing now that is quite all right
that's good
I was interested about the ipv6 colon
column one work that you're doing are
you proposing to make that the default
redirect um yeah so that's like a tricky
question because we should not assume
ipv6 will be available everywhere but
yeah the idea is to make go idea fast
smart enough to like ignore listen on
both v4 and v6 and ignore v6 address if
it's not supported by the runtime
environment and I think it requires
additional sort of like a smart adding
additional smart detection to companion
and even if we have that then we
probably should could safely switch to
the Colin Colin one ascend you default
because it just looks a little bit nicer
yes hi the I'm interested in the UX that
looks a bit nicer thing I wonder if we
should test that with humans we should
do some user testing as to whether okay
let me rephrase it's shorter we are sure
I mean I think it's not ideal either
which way
Oh Kyle are you saying words your
microphone is you are not muted but your
microphone appears and
Oh click click can you hear me now
yes I was just gonna ask so you
mentioned you exes are people supposed
to see that address ever at all I think
well mind could talk about this but
ideally no but that we have no option
today we just lack the API is in the
browser
Watson yes so like there are no like web
extension API is to control location bar
you can only like add an icon on the
right side in Firefox that's basically
this this is the point where you say you
add ipfs colon slash slash cid into the
URL bar the web extension detects that
but the only API available to it is to
redirect that to another URL actually so
it's when you want to show it ok thank
you yes stories and we definitely don't
want to show it but it currently has no
choice ok cool next up who's next
do go Jonah tell us how it's been going
what you've been working on and then the
shimmer I straightaway that's ok yeah
the nuclear last week I made some fixes
to every why the end Beth wasn't working
now it's working yet forward wasn't
working too and now it's working I yeah
I released the new version where do I
have to
but sadly when I fix we get older I
I broke the 8 files so yeah it wasn't
with I'm fixing it right now I just
opened up for requests I'll probably
challenge Chet I already did you guys
because I need your input because what
what's happening right now is we can add
folders and files through this button
with no problem that went drag and
dropping
sometimes some files are breaking
because when we drag and drop
we have no no sensible way of saying of
checking if it's a file or in the format
so with react drag and drop so right now
that's the what I'm testing basically if
the type is is different from an empty
string this works for most of the cases
but there are some file types
that's it's a file but the file on the
type it's the empty string there's an
open issue in react drag and drop
I just think being the people they've
opened the issue to see there's news and
I don't think so
so basically you can read the issues
they the PR that sees you it and then
comments to see what we should do next I
think it's certainly not pretty but I
don't think there's like one
cross-browser way of doing it but i
think there are various browser specific
checks that you can do to figure it out
anyway we'll save that for there she
yeah yeah because but from that as I'm
next week as I do what I'm going to do
hopefully and I'll finish this PR I have
another PR Rosen that is opening the
context menu with the right quick that's
working but I'm always opening the the
context menu on the right screen where
the dots are I want to change that and
open the context menu while they use a
red flick I spent some time trying to do
that but I was enabled but last night I
was thinking of a different way and I
think I found one and I'll try to make
that work probably transferred so next
week I'm going to finish these to be
ours
and as I'm refactoring the files list
and the drag and drop when the daf-2
ipfs and get my back all of that menu
from the ydy it's going to be a good
time to think about drag-and-drop and
find the solution to that so i think i
work on a big cake and fix what busted
issues while doing that
I think that's it from me cool and
Rica's not here let's skip ahead or just
quickly I will read out what Enriquez
been working on he has been working on
copy and paste shortcuts fixed on Mac OS
so this is a problem on Mac with
electron apps that if you don't
explicitly add copy and paste options to
the title bar menu the actual act of
copy and pasting is not available to
your application which is kind of fun
he's done the research for getting
binary signing for the desktop installer
for Windows so we've started that ball
rolling there he is released desktop
ODOT 6.1 which has a few fixes in and
also was a good test of the auto-update
mechanism alas the auto-update mechanism
will only work for Windows users right
now and we have already had a bug report
of one user who's working a lot 6
desktop became a not working over 6 1
desktop so we need to do some more
testing of fact and hack is also working
on context menu extension so he's
looking at the integrating desktop and
ipfs more tightly into the Windows OS so
you could right-click on a file in the
OS file browser and have one of the
options be add this file to me or ipfs
repos
so there's open issue for that that's
listed in the call notes
dr. door i next so I will share my
screen real quick at the beginning of
the week I fixed the problem with the
geolocation of the peers we have been
getting complaints that the process of
tear locating people is too CPU heavy
and that's a mixture of the browser
doing a lot of work and ipfs under the
hood doing a lot of work to load the
relevant chunks of the b-tree encoded
version of the Mac's mind geoip day and
they still loaded over IP FS
combination of the two things plus the
act of you load subsets of the of the
database encoded as blocks and I'll give
s into your repo that means you now have
more blocks to advertise and then as you
advertise more blocks you get additional
peers who are interested in those blocks
or also host them and you get this kind
of runaway spiral of like now you found
more blocks and announcing more blocks
and then your geo-locating there's more
people you found so it's a it's a
vicious cycle anyway so we've reduce the
amount of geolocation the cane that goes
on but at the same time in parallel we
update it to the latest version of the
ipfs HTTP client library which also
included the changes to the return
objects from the object get down object
get commands anyway all of the various
node types used to have a multi hash
property if they were of type tag PB
they no longer have that and there was a
round of making things consistent so now
also their link properties don't have a
dot multi ash property they have a dot
CID
long story short geo-locating failed in
web UI and the fix was a simple like we
don't need to go and update the
geolocation ipfs - geoip
needed to be updated to make use of the
latest API changes there so that fix
that dududu so right now I'm working on
an opt-in anonymous analytics and self
hosting that I think the the need is we
have no idea how many people are using
web URI and we have no idea how many
people are using desktop and we don't
know what features of it that they're
currently trying to use and we don't
know if there are seeing errors in
production unless they raise github
issues so the proposal is that ipfs
hosts an analytics server and in fact
the apps enable the users to opt in to
metrics and analytics tracking is it'll
be anonymized so there'll be nothing
in them that has any personal
information and it will be self hosted
so we're not just going to be dumping
people's data on Google Analytics or
segment IO or whatever so we've got a
countly which is one of the first ones I
have tried that looked like reasonable
self hosted analytics service it's got
all the things you might expect visitors
sessions devices resolutions was like
language is I can see that when I used
my profile that had simplified Chinese
as the language that came up is one of
the metrics that you can see yeah screed
entities device screen resolutions that
kind of thing
anyway it's so fast in analytics it
seems pretty good so then I've been
working on the opt-in opt-in nurse of it
so if I load my browser now I can see
that analytics are off and there is no
no analytics of logging there's a bunch
of errors that I need to clean up but
there's no analytic horrors and then you
can enable enable analytics and then we
can see that a bunch of stuff gets
queued up and then if we start clicking
around
we should get analytics events yeah no
whew yeah processing be cool so that's
where America like that I've got the
first pass of a bid to do for the first
pass of a Redux bundle for count the
analytics that starts off with things
disabled until we discover that the user
has previously opted in we store that
value in local storage so that when you
initialize the second time around we
know that they have opted in and we're
deliberately tracking just the route
info Pam that you that you navigated to
so for example if you were to go explore
a CID in the Explorer part of the URL
would include a CID and we don't want to
track specific see IDs that individuals
go to so we've done
do that also files if you drill down
into anything in the files tree like
again if we sent the entire URL we would
start to track my personal things that
are in your local repo which we don't
want to do so this bit of code here is
explicitly tracking the route info pan
which means that we discover that they
went to some they what we see in the
analytics is just that they went to file
star rather than so we see things like
they went to the files section and they
went to explore we don't see specific Co
DS or anything that could be deemed
inappropriate to track anyway that's for
remember that
I've also pushed along the we want to
get signed installers for OS X and
Windows and reek has been pushing on
along the windows stuff because that's
his oh it's a choice I've been pushing
on the macro stuff so I've just got
access to enough Mac developer Apple
developer accounts that I can now have
now got the licenses I need I just need
to integrate them with the CIA setup so
that will be done this week and I hope
to roll out the analytic stuff that I've
been working on this week to the window
stuffs come take a bit longer but it's
important that we get the Mac OS done
the only blocker to announcing desktop
more widely in its current form is the
fact that the we can't auto update Mac
OS until we have it as a signed install
so that's that's next on that together
Hugo mr. das would you like to go next
or what was any question so many of that
sounds good go for it you go hey so let
me just share you need to stop sorry ok
so many crowns
is this here okay
so I mean working on bubbling up all the
Perl requests about the amount of Phi
stuff some of them are straightforward
others are giving me a little bit of
work like complex talked about that's a
little bit more later for you guys that
don't didn't see the issue on the JSP FS
or the poly wastes these are kind of
final values of all these Wendell sighs
work so the modules loaded or acquired
were kind of reduced to 50% the size of
the bundle if you take into account
younghui unmagnified size actually
57% smaller the minified 52% and the
mini file is it's 50% reduction so you
can see the source mark analyzer here
this is like the previous version and
this is the new one you see it's a lot
simpler and as a lot less packages in
them so this is unfinished work as you
can see I'm still waiting for stuff to
get released and I'm still yet missing a
couple of packages to get release until
I finally get a smart release on the
SNFs or even with HP or a Chesapeake
fine so this
well also I'll do as they seem
I bet regarding the co-directors in
their work this was kind of requests
from David enacting his aligns with the
rozzers work so I accepted it and this
will allow me to work a little bit on
the buffer and array buffer support so
we can be a little more formal in the
browsers and now I'll try to finish this
this week I also have some as some calls
with the new form guys we are trying to
plan for the end over of all the works
they have done on the on JCB facing on
the benchmarks set up they produced and
for the next couple two weeks I think
probably a month we will start to do an
in the world process and I'll be
particularly focused on the CI part
because as you all know CI thinking it's
still a question mark and we need to
kind of understand out the real form
uniform stuff works so we can after
integrate the whole thing on our on our
CI system and for the next couple there
is how we'll be working on that I'll
have a bunch of calls with an earphone
guys and I'll try to finish the bundle
sides and multi rushing stuff anyone has
any questions
oh yeah one of him about the one of the
calls we didn't hear from guys was about
performance and some of the most nights
that we have and one when I could just
came up being like the
biggest problem on gsib face and
actually that specific package gave me a
lot of troubles on the bundle size PR
because it's basically a complete mess
needs to be like refactored fast that
actually like amp likes so employ X is
kind of strange thing to work on because
go t go the go side of things probably
will move on with quick on the no js'
side we will probably work with the note
car team to implement quick on no car as
the near phone guys are working with the
working on oh it's kind of a like the
plans are kinda aligning and we will
have more conversation about
implementing quick in note so what's the
last is kind of the it's the browser so
M Plex will probably end up being only
needed for the browser and it needs kind
of attention and someone needs to work
on it I don't know if the little the p2p
guys can prioritize that it's as soon as
possible and start working on it or if
we can kind of take on that work so this
is kind of a question for you all what
do you think about this should we like
volunteer to work on it or you guys
think it should be someone from the lip
HP side of things I just my initial
reaction is it's risky to suggest that
the in browser implementation is somehow
like not a core the p2p responsibility
but I do tell your point
if it's if it slips down their list of
prioritization then we may have to pick
up the slack but my first preference
would be to make it clear to them how
important it is to us if it is if it is
needed I'm not totally clear on what
piece of the puzzle that bit fits but
you look really good yeah I agree with
you and I would prefer for them to go
ahead and period I said as one of the
main things to do next because the guys
from new farm actually were pretty
specific about it and they explained it
in real well why that's saying it's kind
of a mess but I don't really know if
they are going to do it right now or
like two or three months they ever the
team week next week actually in quarter
so I'll try to see if I do nights and
push that as much as I can and try to
figure out if we need to intervene or
not yeah it's some that I think we'll
think what's important for us to do is
figure out how important like what
impact does it have on the in browser
experience and if we're saying that and
the EM Plex module was highlighted as
them like the biggest performance
bottleneck then I would say that it's a
high priority and but we just need to
make sure that we're clear about how
important this is to us and then trust
them to prioritize it reasonably well
but yeah we can't do enough to like keep
reminding them that it's important when
I'm trying to type to do I don't you
want to say something
yeah like basically agree with only on
that and also if we could like if we
look back there's a lot of sort of sort
of like transports or things like
WebSockets tar and other things that are
lik formally underly p2p and
those are like basically only for the
web browser to ensure the p2p works in
web browser so I'm quite strong like my
opinion is quite strong that it's like
the core responsibility of the p2p is to
for it to work good in web browser and
like ipfs is like one of many clients
that use Lippe to be in web browser
right see again it just comes on like we
can do a good job of showing them how
this is hurting us or what use cases
this is making impossible or like it's
as long as we make it easy for them to
see the importance of it yeah yeah after
a mission this just because it's a real
issue and a big issue for us and they if
the quick stuff starts to get
prioritized by them and as em likes it's
only for the browser you can need to be
aware of it and all in together as a
team kind of talk with the rest of the
guys and like push this stuff and if we
need to spend some time helping out we
should yes thank you for raising my mind
did you wanna ask about IP best
benchmarks yeah like I just wanted to
clarify is the rapport linked in chat in
the charge the correct one you go like
is it related to the work they are doing
or is it something else we pay for
Spanish marks I think is that place
where that is happening mmm okay he got
your muted a few I was looking for a
shot yeah I
it's okay cool just a little a little
bit more about too much marks they
actually this week or last week starting
started to implement like browser tests
so I would like you to if you have some
free time to look into it make some
suggestions for the browser test day up
there I will personally spend some time
on it but if you can spend a little bit
looking specifically into the browser
test would be really helpful to like
suggest some improvements make sure the
tests make sense because they they are
not kind of ipfs specialists so they are
doing it like free more or less free
crystal so we need to make sure they are
aligned with our interests sure super
cool Kim did you want to say anything or
he just observing just observing super
cool well that's great news
because I mean I love your demos but
we've got a demo from guys cuz I'll I do
you want to share what you've been
working on yeah I think you're
overselling it a little bit though
it's a car all right
excited to let me try to figure out how
I share the screen I think Hugo needs to
stop Cheryl thank you they're working we
see you active p2p all right so I'll
describe the idea said was there and
then kind of slowly progressed to where
we are where I am with that idea so so a
few accesses to the story one is being
right now if you use ipfs on the web you
sort of spun up your own node so it
means many many nodes unless you have
WebP extension itself and they kind of
don't resources they sort of kind of
compete on resources
that's one angle Singh sensors they're
like you need to pull this library down
and there's no concise user experience
in terms of where applications put my
data can I like look at it as a library
or not
in general I want to have a like smooth
experience in terms of getting ideas
ideally judge that should be 0x install
experience and another angle through the
same idea is what if instead of a
browser companion as a dominant way to
kind of enhance browser experience we
could use something like a desktop ipfs
or any kind of successful ipfs apps that
you might have as a way to access the
network so what that means as the ipfs
core could have something like ia P I
and a gateway accessible to single
domain and we can use that single domain
as a way to access ipfs network and
specifically service workers allow you
to do those kind of things so that's
kind of what I start prototyping humans
that I don't control ipfs domain I do
use another domains that I oops
it's wrong so I have a loon who net link
domain and if I load it you saw a little
thing happening in first that was
service working in selling and then it
kind of takes over now if I go offline
all the things work I also have a
companion desktop application running
that exposes HTTP on a local host and
right now it sort of kind of tries to
route between I a P I gateway and what
the other thing no sorry API enter
gateway so it actually by default right
now we just load the web UI and it does
work and you can do things with it which
is cool so we're all working from the
serviceworker I'll show you how many
lines of code that is it would be even
more cooler but anyways this was kind of
the way I say this is your library and
that's where data kind of ends up being
now
I want to take it further and having
websites to actually leverage all this
without having to do any kind of I can't
that stuff kind of simple API to add
stuff read stuff and stuff like that so
other day I saw a demo of the cool new
applications that is called peer diem I
don't know if you folks in it it uses
anyway you can look at it look it up
later so I kind of worked it animated
versions that cooks linked to this and
I'm gonna show you it in chrome because
as there are some challenges and as I
was trying to fix them actually end up
breaking them more in Firefox yeah so I
have another domain now it did the same
dance it kind of saw the serviceworker
and now I can say hello are you
and hit publish and it sort of generated
the CID with the password here if I go
back to my Firefox and my files you see
it create this hello if I go there you
can't actually see anything because it
uses encryption but if I share this link
with someone in this case myself
you actually fetches it from the same
thing and displays it so the cool thing
about it is how it's actually set up and
how is it is so I'm gonna show you the
code this is pretty much all of the
stuff that is required to get the pierre
duhem up working and primary one is Luna
J's which is just install the
serviceworker and you can see only we
see all of the one from the lunette
should be available offline and can you
hear me alright
we lost audio for a second but you're
back
alright and that's another part this is
kind of the screen you saw the first
time loaded and a few things to notice
here again I am loading this embed
script it kind of does all the dance and
there is a meta tag that tells what is
the route all the sites or all this
application that loads it and this is
kind of what wish if you go here this is
where my app is actually is if I can I
think this might be the one
yeah so this is the site that is been
loaded through the service workers
through the lunette server so what
happens for cursed and little to get
them wire service workers that just runs
a ipfs and the other service worker is a
self pair application and what you do
even better
iframe and through the iframe you use a
message channel exchange and the message
channel is used from the side
serviceworker and a mounting route to
all the content from there so maybe one
way to show that would be going to some
other pages so Oh give me a sec so if
you wanted to load or no readme for
instance
it would be this link yeah so this is
kind of idea how is it should be to
deploy apps and right now you saw that
it just published thing without any
permissions but I think we can reuse
this iframes that we have already in
place for the communication to show you
a prompt asking user whether it's okay
to write down right or maybe do it on
first
but basically control the permissions so
in a way IP as this screen like Luna the
link or whatever I hope to end up on
ipfs eventually can be used to also
track your permissions which sites did
you gave access to what kind of things
so right now we just leverage this I
p.m. has desktops that I have running
but the longer-term idea is to on the
primary web service worker to actually
run in browser ipfs node so you don't
have to have running anything at all
one thing I should also mention that
wants you so when I show you this demo
on Chrome I didn't had anything I never
visited lunette link or I had but I
erased everything it does all the dance
for you to make sure that it can fetch
it and sell it into all of those things
so you don't have to like do that can
force I want to show you that it works
offline too and you can still do kind of
collaborations but I can't because I
think I will get disconnected but you
can try it for yourself here difficult
to do a video call well demonstrate in
the offline use case that's super cool
so and they were a ton the dev tools oh
yeah yeah Hugo is saying if you do want
to demo it you can tell chrome to
simulate a zero Network scenario in the
network if they're live tools network
and then did per table or is it for all
the stuff I think is per table yeah
let's see
looks like it's still working let me see
if he'd actually dress publish I know it
does Oh weird live live live demos but
that would be the dream yeah I'll figure
it out that actually good could leave a
to the things that needs to be figured
out and the challenges so one of the
biggest challenges with this set up is
to keep the serviceworker live like so
the reason I couldn't show you on
Firefox is Firefox is way more
aggressive than chrome at killing
serviceworkers unless they're actively
used and by actively used that means
unless they're serving requests but in
this setup because we use a message
channel it does it is not consider to be
actively used so they get terminated so
what you end up with is your site does
have a serviceworker but it doesn't has
a primary one of an old running there's
a way to working on it by essentially by
having iframe always in place for the
page and kind of use it as a
recollection route
I just wanted to not have any kind of
requirement on your app for this to work
but I might have to do that they're
fusing so if you're running a server on
localhost chrome works oh yeah sure I
was going to show you on safari so and
it also loads on Safari it's the same
way except it doesn't work here because
I saying Gateway uses direct localhost
access and in Safari is they call block
it as mixed content while chrome doesn't
and Firefox doesn't on a document but it
does in a serviceworker but I have a bug
on file and I'll fix it if nobody else
will
but in the I'm working it around with
the fact that you can have a self-signed
certificates
you can may mark transfers any cell in
the rest so when isolate desktop
applications that's what I kind of do
and that actually works really well in
Safari but not as well in Firefox but
hopefully combination of all of those
things you can have a reliable
connection
yeah I think that's very cool
so the the core of it is how can we use
the best available IP FS node without
needing the user to install companion is
that yeah so dream here dream here is it
I can write a website I can push not
push publish to ipfs and assign it to my
domain and it just works and suddenly it
can write and read content stuff and the
idea is not you have to install anything
or do any kind of configuration yes
print will probably get better and I
haven't you know I always see this
dialog that I can tell that which was
saying that dialog what we're hearing is
like really choppy but with we're
filling in the blanks carry on so this
demo actually works on my Safari as well
on my iPhone which is really cool nice
yeah so if you install more things your
experience will get better but if you
don't then it will still work and you
still have full access to your libraries
that you can go and control your things
from I think there's a lot of
interesting things you can do down the
line where you can also maybe in the web
UI at the endpoints to replicating nodes
that you're also in control so it can
replicate live datasets that you add to
your library and make it available even
if you shut down your laptop very cool
very cool this is kind of in line with
what Matt and I were talking about where
we the general direction for companion
we want it to become to have fewer
responsibilities like its focus should
really be demonstrating a really nice
integration of ipfs in the browser but
we definitely don't want to have to
depend on it like we want apps that can
work without it and we want will Center
cated access to ipfs api is without
having forcing all that logic into
Banyon for sure so this is great
is there anything what's next for this
demo I seen I can show one more things
that I wanted to work so if I pull this
address it actually will load it in here
into a work too so only reasons things
that didn't work in Firefox is like
between up sort of thing let's see yeah
it did work yeah so so one thing that
kind of irritates me here but I would
like to solve it except I couldn't find
that for you
nice domains that would just take any
subdomain and route it to the same thing
and I didn't want to write my own server
but if you do that ideally is this part
which would sort of go here and you're
the same Service Worker infrastructure
and probably this should be more like
ipfs IO or something idea that you
should be able to access everything yeah
and so even if you don't have service
workers then public Gateway will kick in
and sort of get you there you can use
the coal fire thingy to further sort of
the the for the serving of mine yeah I
think that you just said you can use the
CloudFlare thingy - ipfs tocome yeah
they allow you to do that they stuff did
not get that oh yeah I know my
experiences cloud fair was not great so
right oh I can actually show you what
the society so the site that is lunette
the link it's actually static site as
well and it's fairly simple so this is
main page that kind of does the same
dance as the previous one except it has
some styling then there is this main one
that sort of setups a serviceworker and
this is a primary service workers that
everyone talks to so I can show you how
it's actually set up you
it's not taking too much time different
where is the message unit oh yeah here
so essentially uh the main page also
acts as a oh sorry yeah show you bosons
music so this site is actually hosted on
github and so it acts in a double mode
if you will it does the initial set up
if you don't if you visit it and then
forward Tuesday of every UI and if you
don't then it's usually buried in iframe
and then so we'll do so once it kind of
does a little dance to get the
serviceworker set up eid moves on to
[Music]
cannot see okay maybe I shouldn't try to
live figure out what my code does here
sorry that's okay
but anyway so when when it gets a
message from the iframe it kind of
creates new connections that it holds on
to and may hold on to the message board
and then connection is kinda
Hey the way of receiving miss honor
requests on a message channel then
serving it locally and sending it back
through the same message board and then
service worker on the other hand kind of
this realizes and serves they choose a
site so this you can actually see me
trying to keep it alive
desperately by sending messages to
myself yeah yep
but anyway they'll poke um Martin is
this this is like extension of the work
that you were exploring that kind of
keeping an iframe around and using that
as the bridge to a single so basically I
I keep the same walls with Firefox
paintings like so so so clear I use the
idle serviceworker yeah so basically
it's an issue that blocked us I think in
the past as well it's highly it's highly
interesting when we start thinking about
this and our move to separate domain
because we are planning to move like the
public gateway to a separate domain so
that's like ipfs IO is not blocked due
to the content that it's hosted by the
Gateway and among other things and
reasons so there will be a diva blink
domain dedicated for Gateway alone right
and we've been thinking past about sort
of having this hybrid gateway so that's
it transparently could install the
serviceworker and maybe this this work
you just demoed could be on the path to
that so that we install a service worker
that is responsible for picking the best
back-end at hand and basically
same you like the same URL will work no
matter if you have anything activist
related installed like browser accession
activist desktop app or nothing it will
just work but it will transparently
route you to the best like provider
super cool we should keep talking about
this work because I'll have you got
ideas for like next steps for this you
hang out like ipfs Toyo which certainly
it's on the right I think there are a
bunch of things that could move into the
offerings that you already have like the
South funded I have my own app running
on the desktop it's kind of stupid
it should totally like the things it
does can be added to the regular ipfs
desktop or whatever the ipfs
installation you have the fact that I'm
referring to mostly issuing self-signed
certificates and inside on your system
so you don't so it will work on safari
as well there's one thing that is I
mentioned and I didn't show which I
think is somewhat relevant so on my site
that I demoed I didn't have to get any
IP FS or any of that you get it working
so here's a what do you see on my screen
is a publishing flow and essentially
just uses fetch to foster data all of
the things which i think is important
because like getting ipfs arnold and all
this stuff is not trivial thing to do or
maybe it's real but like yet another
dependency you have to do is I think
there's also interesting angle to that
were what if you don't have to what if
you could just talk to this end point
and do it that way and what is a more
kind of the reason I started this
journey I'm less interesting like
mechanics but I say there are a lot of
opportunities in having a sort of user
we using the browser user agent as an
access point to your data
so and every why I can find a tab now
but webui sort of that but I think it
could probably get even more enhanced
like there's a few challenges like if
I'm running the in browser I PMS known
and also have available desktop node
idealization I should see them as a one
thing that you like data set should just
live car and those kind of things and I
think you there's an opportunity to add
more endpoints it doesn't have to be
necessarily on your machine what if you
have one in the closet like it's there
too yeah and kind of have a nice user
experience and I think like what works
at Excel is doing is actually really
interesting and that's kind of more of a
high level vision I would like to get to
four ups you can single like data sets
as a threads where you cops can read and
write data to and have your contact
slurs they can send data to without
knowing who they are or like none so I
the origin policies browsers actually
give you this nice capabilities that
whatever happens on the meadow link NASA
site embedding it has no idea so you can
design nice interactions where you can
allow sites leverage your social graph
and send data without revealing your
social graph or encryption used under
the hood so that's kind of longer region
where audio choppy will a year because I
luckily still Harris you still there
yeah right would you be up for writing
some thoughts up on an issue on web UI
if you've got some specific kind of web
UI related direction for this I think
you let your vision expands out very
broad but like I'm really keen to like
get this into like what's the next
concrete thing that we can implement
yeah I'm definitely gonna translate all
of this stuff in your learning scene to
feedback great bus for the API HTTP API
and
Gateway and all the other method thanks
thank you very much
that's super great thank you very much
we got one minute left I think Lydell
had a PSA it's already January the 9th
so okay ours should now start to be
solidified we didn't want to work at the
end last year to make proposals of our
hopes and dreams of what we would get
built in the next three months and they
were good but they can always be better
so it'd be good to get all the old
feedback on the in web browsers okay
ours and the GUI teams okay because we
still have a couple of days to refine
them shoot for the stars hit the moon
amazeballs
I'll idle in in lieu of if no one else
gives any feedback I think you and I
should plan to have a call on Friday
where we just do like a final pass over
them but if all y'all here on the call
care to give us some feedback that would
be super good cool that is 5 p.m. any
any last bits there's anything before
Buffett goes okay this has been the
weekly in web browsers and GUI teams
sync cool please join us again next week
and we will have idea fest working in a
user agent near you soon